

Why are you doing it?



a software that helps people make better content.
if there is a public product or an API, build it yourself and bring to interview

printed images on toilet paper. Paid Ads? Instagram Story ads. target to age / place. 

jab jab jab right hook on marketing and branding. 
	where jabs are are providing to customers with content and goo things
	the right hook is the ask. but not gaurenteed
	gives you audacity to ask
flip life. on ebay, facebook market place, etc
getting money is grind life. just grind it out.

ultimate kindness - garyvee

start or join a facebook group
start a zoom and what not and start to shoot the shit with people. 
Either this or that? Both. 
get 7-10 people in google hangouts and just talk. How's everybody doing? and tell them why yr doing it. And shoot the shit.
Making and Doing. More doing less pondering.

rather than hire me, just share thoughts on issue. Journaling and sharing.
It might be threatening to current job but also. Build your demand via content. Jabs.
Some employers want to jail their employees OR let them grow. 

https://www.garyvaynerchuk.com/how-to-create-64-pieces-of-content-in-a-day/

Reach out to people and give value. 
Replying to content will build a community and environment


do you want to create community? 
	you won't get money for the first couple years
	Facebook is smart, email list, text list, comment section in content
	Being Patient and build to something real.
	Don't ask for people's money, pour heart and soul into conversations
	Do a Facebook Live w/ one commentator and have other also comment to earn the golden ticket
	add to email signature, or on instagram stories to join the group
documenting, you get the big picture and appy momentum. 
	Every minute you have put toward them. 
	Overcommunicate their truths. 
	Showcase them within you. 
	How is your week segment. 
	Facebook is huge. and still the great place. and very good infrastructure. 
	You need a home for content and community. 

You have to love it. Love the process. 
close your eyes till 29. Keep Giving. Awareness of eachother. And your truths of ups and downs. Platform for others.
Document along the way is hard. 
Do more, try new things. Do more. 

You don't have to be an expert
actually document on the way to expert which is a lot more fascinating. 
Its okay to have minor problems, humanity loves problems and non-perfections
DM some experts and famous people. 
Take all of the chances. 
Depth over width ( people that care are better. )
TikTok is saturated now

clouds and dirt ( ideas, mindest and execution )

Are you going to give up happiness instead of a tough situation. 
Engage with people. Business is human and humanity and people. 
Build communities and groups. 
Virtual Hangouts.
 

Humility. I don't think it is right, but curious on how the market will be.
Documenting. 

it is okay to give critical feedback during the process and not let the positivity
	overshadow the candorous  

fronting will get you depression
if you've got nothing, you hunt. you figure it the fuck out. 
Don't worry about anything people say 
Entitlement is a disease
Having way too much is more dangerous
Money accelerates the problems and shit
Analyze mental happiness
He loves off of intuition
Learned from hiphop and the culture: >> lived deep in the hood during school
Like the Climb the competitive nature.
Some people think that `people who look the part know the part` which isn't true.
Walk and dress the truth, or else you are full of shit. 
hate complaining only works on other losers / complainers
You gotta take the long way but internet YET, hard fucking work works
Optimism but with all the hard fucking work behind it. 
Reading comments on people's content to get into their head of what is L and a W
	Watching like a cobra in the grass
Attention is so fucking valuable if you have content
You don't have to have 1M followers, its who and what can they do?
	But people are insecure and its ego
You can't listen to the good nor the bad
Everybody is a business because all people love something.
you can get an extra 2K to 5K a month, from flipping
Looking back fucks with your neck
We are still agist
People are always going to try to front. and Keep up w the Jones
If it is in your nature to be focused then go in one lane then spread
	but if you can't, go taste.
that thought of you kicking yourself is not you, its someone else. your mom, your dad.
"You're gonna die, might as well do it now".
Odds of being a person, is 1 in 400 Trillion
people don't have perspective and understand suppresion really is.
People worry about what they don't have right now instead of what they do have. 
Judgement is a weakness. Instead, the WHY a 13 yo girl is listening to hard Rock
not all the people have the talent, but you can adjust. that's hard. 
Like Self-Deprecation b/c its a strength. Don't let anyone get over you
Gary has to be the last line of defense and the goalie, Jets relaxes Gary
Once you built a brand, you can hook

Put out positive message without any hook. Jabs bro, chasing admiration.
Love the fucking pressure. 
TAG + GO ==> Try, Accountability, Good intent + Gratitude, Optimism
Gary doesn't like to talk about shit he doesn't know about
Empathy dawg. 
Nice comes back when you spread positivity.

You can't do everything, once you can afford an employee, get one
Story telling, tutorials, connect w others that are better than you
quality of video is not as good as content. Good ass content. 
The First piece is gonna be shit but you gotta want it. 


--
think on the 10 yr scale
Don't mimic people; be true to yourself.
Triple down on who you are and what you are ( your weirdness )
Feeling good might be a draw to the wrong side b/c uncomfortability is great
--

Law of Attraction
Take advantage of time: you are always a child. 30 yo is young. 

when people complain, it is easy to see that they lack perspective
If you want to be anaomoly, then act like one.
Work ethic is a taught behavior. 
Getting healthier is hard but it is important
look in the mirror and ask "are you doing this right"
Some entrepeneur don't work weekends. 
Being mean is not tolerated.
Love to lose.  

Its okay to mix personal and professional.
Time is the biggest asset
Its a skill, you can't think about pushups
Do free work

Take the tactic and self contextualize it. 
Create content. Just do it. 
You need to taste something to not like it. 

Don't look back on your mistakes, don't judge yourself.
HR driven CEO is where the strenght and liabilities are the employees
When not judge, you can turn a 30 min meeting into 7, 16 minutes and then speed.
Speed over everything but also patience for results
Day trade the decisions. 
//

try new shit not immediately but when you plateau
people who share shortcomings will open you up so much more
only talk about shit you know about. 


if you affect one person, that will be enough.
They will find you. put hashtags in. they will find you

the world is abundant, not compete with the person next b/c of execution.
relavance and contextualize

Its hard to be hungry when you are fed. 
Be in the yes business
Your opinion doesn't matter as much as you think.
Fall in what you want to say and fall in love with "no"
humanity footprint
